Hello everyone, 8 today we are
continue to survey found adding
a lot of interesting
facilities at the moment because I have
there is a warehouse
and in this warehouse inside is located
just a huge number of boxes
if he is a spirits and in these chests there is
just a varied amount
different things, I think the fact that they no
fuck yourself
I think that this is not a little bit .
fair to the environment
the world as resources which we
spent on building this warehouse
practically nothing compared to
the resources that we have here in general
here already a little bit yes it is specifically this
a little cheating in general we go further
remember our winter house
so here is a small hybrid of his then
I mean, this house is more or less
as modified, I would say to him
present protection protection in the form of
cacti on all sides of the horizon
a little awkward in a bathhouse tons well
Nichrome are not visible, see what
looked out the window that cacti yes
again if you drink this glass here
and knock out specifically intermediate
the distance between somehow yourself then
principle was more or less on my
look well again by itself in
principle, the house is not bad
If you include viewing this here
defense
little foreign protection there on
Zemtsev or any opponents of pests
in general, we go further here we have 2
modified winter house which is on
actually surrounded by such a laby
all here in principle here are two
house and they themselves original
bearing in mind this security system
You can say so at least
here's the word house and i liked it a bit
more than a house with cacti again
if you fall into this lava then fuck you
there is little chance that you will
choose alive if somehow son
cactus still go around with a few times and
we go further and then we
there is a water slide at the very
it's really huge and I don’t even
grabs a hillock to be honest
show you this but oh well in principle
let's set it as it is and
used generally as you can
notice this is really a water slide
really having a very strange beginning
a very strange ending might make not
big rig or something else or
extension at least some, and here
This is the most stupid thing that I found in
I found this in general in this slide
in view of vata, no shit flows at
least it does not always happen sometimes she
sometimes it flows and sometimes
generally fuck you understand what she's doing
is that to make this water flow
down you have to destroy data here
blocks and sometimes it happens that if you
destroy these blocks then a damn
it will happen even in this case
will flow
well at least it is in principle not so
too bad if necessary okay it is very
slowly and vilely on horseradish this at all
made can be made as decorative
facilities I think it will be suitable for
this house he fucking volume in this
slides like de basket i think would come off
more or less then if still put
maybe some blog here
let's say here and turn it on too
would there be anything to do here these
the blocks shatter and the water flowed you from there
and down overall i think what the fuck
need that stumble with words in general
I think you understand the essence of this
facilities would still use both
decorative in general, we go further
we are located in principle is not so
the original structure is ordinary
a bunker in which there are several
chests that keep themselves bow and
arrows again defend from everyones
enemies from all monsters go further
and here we have an arena I don't
I understand the hell do not add words
magical to each of these buildings but
Basically, I am, it's just not us
it's just stupid in my opinion in general
this arena is covered with sand
absolute sand and this bunker is not
watch this slide well, just me
it happened by accident, and in that
this arena has just four walls
which consist of cobblestones and sand and
that the most important thing is, in principle, not
so bad in fact I will clothe
you can test your strength against
any monsters or anything else
but come on like this we go on here at
us a little modified arena on
fact that makes the conditions of the struggle
and a little harder why because
the sides are generally surrounded by lava here
Here is a two-meter lava again the
another you don't look at this one either
Here I am too close to garbage
In fact, arenas are not so much the principle.
so you can
do something like this
construction so we go on further on
we are located agriculture on and fields
here we have pumpkin
the field is pretty big in my opinion
and already filled with water so you don’t
have to waste your precious time
next we have a reed field for me
she seems a little memory they are the same
big and
watermelon field is our latest in
Basically, this and all that I wanted you
show and demonstrate dear
friends here such here we have a wonderful
buildings are present in the second part
This mod in 3 in 3 will be something
more or less unusual believe me
so I advise you to look in general
today we considered how much we
Today reviewed 910 buildings and all
they are pretty peculiar interesting
can use your discretion in
overall if you liked us very much
have you been to see you in the new series yet